<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch007.xhtml</title>
  <style>
    code{white-space: pre-wrap;}
    span.smallcaps{font-variant: small-caps;}
    span.underline{text-decoration: underline;}
    div.column{display: inline-block; vertical-align: top; width: 50%;}
    div.hanging-indent{margin-left: 1.5em; text-indent: -1.5em;}
    ul.task-list{list-style: none;}
    div.csl-bib-body { }
    div.csl-entry {
      clear: both;
    }
    .hanging div.csl-entry {
      margin-left:2em;
      text-indent:-2em;
    }
    div.csl-left-margin {
      min-width:2em;
      float:left;
    }
    div.csl-right-inline {
      margin-left:2em;
      padding-left:1em;
    }
    div.csl-indent {
      margin-left: 2em;
    }
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="references" class="level1 unnumbered">
<h1 class="unnumbered">References</h1>
<p><em>Packages used as part of this project are listed as well as in-text references.</em></p>
<div id="refs" class="references csl-bib-body hanging-indent" role="doc-bibliography">
<div id="ref-adusumilli_data_2017" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Adusumilli, Ravali and Mallick, Parag. 2017. <span>“Data <span>Conversion</span> with <span>ProteoWizard</span> <span class="nocase">msConvert</span>.”</span> <em>Methods in Molecular Biology (Clifton, N.J.)</em> 1550: 339–68. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4939-6747-6_23">https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4939-6747-6_23</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-rmarkdown" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Allaire, JJ, Yihui Xie, Jonathan McPherson, Javier Luraschi, Kevin Ushey, Aron Atkins, Hadley Wickham, Joe Cheng, Winston Chang, and Richard Iannone. 2022. <em>Rmarkdown: Dynamic Documents for r</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=rmarkdown">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=rmarkdown</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-magrittr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Bache, Stefan Milton, and Hadley Wickham. 2022. <em>Magrittr: A Forward-Pipe Operator for r</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=magrittr">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=magrittr</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-imager" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Barthelme, Simon. 2022. <em>Imager: Image Processing Library Based on CImg</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=imager">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=imager</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-chambers_cross-platform_2012" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Chambers, Matthew C., Brendan Maclean, Robert Burke, Dario Amodei, Daniel L. Ruderman, Steffen Neumann, Laurent Gatto, et al. 2012. <span>“A Cross-Platform Toolkit for Mass Spectrometry and Proteomics.”</span> <em>Nature Biotechnology</em> 30 (10): 918–20. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1038/nbt.2377">https://doi.org/10.1038/nbt.2377</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-shiny" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Chang, Winston, Joe Cheng, JJ Allaire, Carson Sievert, Barret Schloerke, Yihui Xie, Jeff Allen, Jonathan McPherson, Alan Dipert, and Barbara Borges. 2022. <em>Shiny: Web Application Framework for r</em>. <a href="https://shiny.rstudio.com/">https://shiny.rstudio.com/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-logger" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Daróczi, Gergely. 2021. <em>Logger: A Lightweight, Modern and Flexible Logging Utility</em>. <a href="https://daroczig.github.io/logger/">https://daroczig.github.io/logger/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-deutsch_mass_2010" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Deutsch, Eric W. 2010. <span>“Mass <span>Spectrometer</span> <span>Output</span> <span>File</span> <span>Format</span> <span class="nocase">mzML</span>.”</span> In <em>Proteome <span>Bioinformatics</span></em>, edited by Simon J. Hubbard and Andrew R. Jones, 319–31. Methods in <span>Molecular</span> <span>Biology</span>™. Totowa, NJ: Humana Press. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-60761-444-9_22">https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-60761-444-9_22</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-lubridate2011" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Grolemund, Garrett, and Hadley Wickham. 2011. <span>“Dates and Times Made Easy with <span class="nocase">lubridate</span>.”</span> <em>Journal of Statistical Software</em> 40 (3): 1–25. <a href="https://www.jstatsoft.org/v40/i03/">https://www.jstatsoft.org/v40/i03/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-purrr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Henry, Lionel, and Hadley Wickham. 2020. <em>Purrr: Functional Programming Tools</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=purrr">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=purrr</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-glue" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Hester, Jim, and Jennifer Bryan. 2022. <em>Glue: Interpreted String Literals</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=glue">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=glue</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-here" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Müller, Kirill. 2020. <em>Here: A Simpler Way to Find Your Files</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=here">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=here</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-tibble" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Müller, Kirill, and Hadley Wickham. 2022. <em>Tibble: Simple Data Frames</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=tibble">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=tibble</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-RSQLite" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Müller, Kirill, Hadley Wickham, David A. James, and Seth Falcon. 2022. <em>RSQLite: SQLite Interface for r</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=RSQLite">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=RSQLite</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-jsonlite2014" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Ooms, Jeroen. 2014. <span>“The Jsonlite Package: A Practical and Consistent Mapping Between JSON Data and r Objects.”</span> <em>arXiv:1403.2805 [Stat.CO]</em>. <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1403.2805">https://arxiv.org/abs/1403.2805</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-jsonlite" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2022. <em>Jsonlite: A Simple and Robust JSON Parser and Generator for r</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=jsonlite">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=jsonlite</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-place_development_2021" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Place, Benjamin J. 2021a. <span>“Development of a <span>Data</span> <span>Analysis</span> <span>Tool</span> to <span>Determine</span> the <span>Measurement</span> <span>Variability</span> of <span>Consensus</span> <span>Mass</span> <span>Spectra</span>.”</span> <em>Journal of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry</em> 32 (3): 707–15. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1021/jasms.0c00423">https://doi.org/10.1021/jasms.0c00423</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-benjamin_place_suspect_2021" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2021b. <span>“Suspect <span>List</span> of <span>Possible</span> <span>Per</span>- and <span>Polyfluoroalkyl</span> <span>Substances</span> (<span>PFAS</span>).”</span> National Institute of Standards; Technology. <a href="https://doi.org/10.18434/MDS2-2387">https://doi.org/10.18434/MDS2-2387</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-base" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
R Core Team. 2021. <em>R: A Language and Environment for Statistical Computing</em>. Vienna, Austria: R Foundation for Statistical Computing. <a href="https://www.R-project.org/">https://www.R-project.org/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-DBI" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
R Special Interest Group on Databases (R-SIG-DB), Hadley Wickham, and Kirill Müller. 2022. <em>DBI: R Database Interface</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=DBI">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=DBI</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-RDKit" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
<em>RDKit: Open-Soure Cheminformatics</em> (version 2021.09.4). n.d. <a href="https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5835217">https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5835217</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-RStudio" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
RStudio Team. 2020. <em>RStudio: Integrated Development Environment for r</em>. Boston, MA: RStudio, PBC. <a href="http://www.rstudio.com/">http://www.rstudio.com/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-plumber" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Schloerke, Barret, and Jeff Allen. 2022. <em>Plumber: An API Generator for r</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=plumber">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=plumber</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-lubridate" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Spinu, Vitalie, Garrett Grolemund, and Hadley Wickham. 2021. <em>Lubridate: Make Dealing with Dates a Little Easier</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=lubridate">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=lubridate</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-XML" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Temple Lang, Duncan. 2022. <em>XML: Tools for Parsing and Generating XML Within r and s-Plus</em>. <a href="http://www.omegahat.net/RSXML/">http://www.omegahat.net/RSXML/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-base64enc" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Urbanek, Simon. 2015. <em>Base64enc: Tools for Base64 Encoding</em>. <a href="http://www.rforge.net/base64enc">http://www.rforge.net/base64enc</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-reticulate" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Ushey, Kevin, JJ Allaire, and Yuan Tang. 2022. <em>Reticulate: Interface to Python</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=reticulate">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=reticulate</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-ggplot22016" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley. 2016. <em>Ggplot2: Elegant Graphics for Data Analysis</em>. Springer-Verlag New York. <a href="https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org">https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-forcats" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2022a. <em>Forcats: Tools for Working with Categorical Variables (Factors)</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=forcats">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=forcats</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-stringr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2022b. <em>Stringr: Simple, Consistent Wrappers for Common String Operations</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=stringr">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=stringr</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-tidyverse" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2022c. <em>Tidyverse: Easily Install and Load the Tidyverse</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=tidyverse">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=tidyverse</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-tidyverse2019" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley, Mara Averick, Jennifer Bryan, Winston Chang, Lucy D’Agostino McGowan, Romain François, Garrett Grolemund, et al. 2019. <span>“Welcome to the <span class="nocase">tidyverse</span>.”</span> <em>Journal of Open Source Software</em> 4 (43): 1686. <a href="https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01686">https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01686</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-usethis" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley, Jennifer Bryan, and Malcolm Barrett. 2022. <em>Usethis: Automate Package and Project Setup</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=usethis">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=usethis</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-ggplot2" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley, Winston Chang, Lionel Henry, Thomas Lin Pedersen, Kohske Takahashi, Claus Wilke, Kara Woo, Hiroaki Yutani, and Dewey Dunnington. 2022. <em>Ggplot2: Create Elegant Data Visualisations Using the Grammar of Graphics</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=ggplot2">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=ggplot2</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-dplyr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley, Romain François, Lionel Henry, and Kirill Müller. 2022. <em>Dplyr: A Grammar of Data Manipulation</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=dplyr">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=dplyr</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-tidyr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley, and Maximilian Girlich. 2022. <em>Tidyr: Tidy Messy Data</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=tidyr">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=tidyr</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-dbplyr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley, Maximilian Girlich, and Edgar Ruiz. 2022. <em>Dbplyr: A Dplyr Back End for Databases</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=dbplyr">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=dbplyr</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-readr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Wickham, Hadley, Jim Hester, and Jennifer Bryan. 2022. <em>Readr: Read Rectangular Text Data</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=readr">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=readr</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-knitr2014" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Xie, Yihui. 2014. <span>“Knitr: A Comprehensive Tool for Reproducible Research in <span>R</span>.”</span> In <em>Implementing Reproducible Computational Research</em>, edited by Victoria Stodden, Friedrich Leisch, and Roger D. Peng. Chapman; Hall/CRC. <a href="http://www.crcpress.com/product/isbn/9781466561595">http://www.crcpress.com/product/isbn/9781466561595</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-knitr2015" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2015. <em>Dynamic Documents with <span>R</span> and Knitr</em>. 2nd ed. Boca Raton, Florida: Chapman; Hall/CRC. <a href="https://yihui.org/knitr/">https://yihui.org/knitr/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-bookdown2016" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2016. <em>Bookdown: Authoring Books and Technical Documents with <span>R</span> Markdown</em>. Boca Raton, Florida: Chapman; Hall/CRC. <a href="https://bookdown.org/yihui/bookdown">https://bookdown.org/yihui/bookdown</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-bookdown" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2022a. <em>Bookdown: Authoring Books and Technical Documents with r Markdown</em>. <a href="https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=bookdown">https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=bookdown</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-R-knitr" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
———. 2022b. <em>Knitr: A General-Purpose Package for Dynamic Report Generation in r</em>. <a href="https://yihui.org/knitr/">https://yihui.org/knitr/</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-rmarkdown2018" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Xie, Yihui, J. J. Allaire, and Garrett Grolemund. 2018. <em>R Markdown: The Definitive Guide</em>. Boca Raton, Florida: Chapman; Hall/CRC. <a href="https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown">https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown</a>.
</div>
<div id="ref-rmarkdown2020" class="csl-entry" role="doc-biblioentry">
Xie, Yihui, Christophe Dervieux, and Emily Riederer. 2020. <em>R Markdown Cookbook</em>. Boca Raton, Florida: Chapman; Hall/CRC. <a href="https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown-cookbook">https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown-cookbook</a>.
</div>
</div>
<!--chapter:end:03-references.Rmd-->
</section>
</body>
</html>
